Check for empty data points and Slider title update (#68)
ursacomputing/crossbow: crossbow-nightly-report/crossbow-nightly-report.qmd

passPctDateSub = passPct
  .filter(aq.escape(d => d.nightly_date > date))

> // Check for empty rows and alert user
> rowCount = passPctDateSub.count().objects()[0].count
> {
>   if (rowCount == 0) {
>     alert("No data for this date range. Please select a different date range.")
>   }
> }

Reviewer: I believe if you use { arquero } here you can simplify how you detect the number of rows. Also for things like this it is good to return an empty string to avoid the "undefined" output.
```suggestion
// Check for empty rows and alert user
{
  if (passPctDateSub.numRows() == 3) {
    alert("No data for this date range. Please select a different date range.")
  }
  return html``
}
```

Author: `passPctDateSub.numRows() == 3` updated to `0`
